Xu Shaode
Don't move other people's things
Grandson, how dare you kill me?
So what if I kill you?
I think the reaction is obviously serious, the boy is the main one
If you face him now
I may not get it.
I also hope that the adults in the northern border are very beautiful
I can't be the master
Lord God
This time it's really my son's problem.
Aquaman, your lord doesn't remember villains
So far in this world
Let's just forget it.
Lord God General
Apologize to a bad guy
That is.
I thought how reliable Lord God General was
So that's it
Xu Shaode's death penalty is just a pig
It's your leg, how dare you kill me?
Help Me
The Lord God still wants you to raise your hand
Xu Shaode is rebellious
Dare to provoke in public at the ceremony
The Lord of Gods just killed Jiu Ge
My group master, Lord God, released my son
I'm afraid you do
Has already arrived
severe punishment
grateful